# Airplane-Seat-Switching

I chose the question "Is it rude to ask someone to switch seats with you in order to be closer to friends?" because I was interested to see if people thought switching seats in order to be closer to friends is rude since I personally think it is. It's one thing to ask to switch if you have to be closer to family (especially if a child is in the party) but another thing to be closer to friends, since that isn't really necessary. I found it interesting that the majority doesn't think it's rude. I thought that at least half of the dataset would think it's rude but in reality, a small portion of the dataset agrees that yes, it is rude. It's interesting to see that I disagree with majority of the dataset, since I always think that my opinions are reasonable to the point that majority of people would agree. This dataset disapproves that completely. 
This chart reveals that the vast majority of airline passengers do not consider it rude to ask someone to switch seats to be closer to friends. 631 out of 850 respondents believes it's not rude at all to ask that. This shows that most travelers are more understanding to other travelers who want to be closer to friends. 184 respondents find it somewhat rude to ask this question, showing that a few people do find it a little discomforting when asked this question. 35 respondents believe it's very rude, showing that only a small percent of travelers are offended by this request. 
! [This is a data wrapper chart](HyxSc-airline-passenger-survey-is-it-rude-to-ask-to-switch-seats-on-flights (1).png) 
